bring in Marwan bishal and now Al jazer
senior political analyst talk more about
this so let's talk about this Israeli
video uh first we had um a couple of uh
phrases that uh um struck me there from
our correspondent Hamden a beating heart
and hole in the ground I'm guessing you
think it's the latter pretty much
actually uh for I mean I think I I've
developed the capacity to dismiss uh all
kinds of claims by the Israelis
first of all because I think um their
spokespersons are liars and they have
proved to be so over not just this war
but previous Wars as well the Israeli
military deploys soldiers and also
deploys Spinners on Army of spinners the
spokespersons and and other PR um staff
involved in spin I mean that's their job
in fact to be honest Haim I would be
disappointed if they didn't because you
know dogs barks and snakes bite and and
Israeli Army lies I mean that's their
thing the question is for what purpose
at this point in time it's because
they're desperate they uh the LIE has
caught up with a liar and clearly um the
international public opinion
International media their Western allies
are not convinced that they have much of
a proof for what they say is the
headquarters of Hamas under shifa
hospitals multiple layers of floors and
and 1,300 kilometers of tunnels 40 to 70
M deep that was the estimates by the
Israelis and their pundits in Western
capitals none of that is there of course
we know that there are tunnels in Gaza
everyone knows there are tunnels in Gaza
so what if there are tunnels in Gaza the
question is what is Israel doing now to
us and to others in the international
media is what we call
deflection they
are discredited they are involved in war
crimes today as we speak about some
tunnel some hole some diaper left
somewhere some calendar Israel is laying
Siege to the Evangelical the madani
hospital in Gaza now as we speak but we
are all keeping busy with their
allegations remember when our colleague
sh abaki was killed by the
Israelis they did redirection
immediately deflection they said the
Palestinians kilder we know that the
Palestinians killed Shireen and we spent
weeks and on trying to prove and they're
trying to prove the our way but we
missed the point that they killed
journalists that they kill innocent
people civilians in Janine like they do
now in Gaza they sieg the hospitals in
fact this war turned out to be a war on
hospitals and now they're trying to walk
back the pretext and why they did it now
that there is no evidence not a shred of
evidence this is not even circumstantial
evidence because they now they also show
up videos about about Hamas apparently I
mean according to them Hamas taking
patients into hospitals from the main
gates right I mean if Hamas was taking
an
injured captive hostage into the
hospital they should be thanked for it
for trying to save the lives of captives
that is not a proof that a shifa
hospital has used as his quarters that
is a proof that they're trying to keep
the captives Al lives in order to
exchange them for more of the same
children and women and so on held in
Israeli prisons uh let's move on then to
the the other story about the HTI um
seizure of this cargo ship uh um in in
the southern Red Sea apparently linked
to a ship apparently linked to an
Israeli businessman what what what do
you make of that is this part of the
what you call the distraction uh of the
of The Narrative of what's happening in
Gaza I mean it's probably not
intentional of course but I think there
is a we we spoke about deflection now we
talk about redirection right this is
called the redirection meaning instead
of us focusing on the main story on the
main tragedy on the main genocide
unraveling and far our eyes in plain
sight now we talk about violation of
international law in the Red Sea why are
we talking about international law in
the Red Sea when they are laying Siege
on another hospital in Gaza when people
are starved in Gaza when people can get
medical treatment in Gaza when people
can get fuel electricity in Gaza when
people are again displaced and
ethnically clinged in Gaza but we are
talking about some some incident that
happened in the Red Sea until and unless
this turns into some sort of a origional
war for the time being this this kind of
a ongoing exchange if you will between
the United States and Iran is not
benefit benefiting the people in
Palestine it's certainly not of of any
assistance to those under bombings Under
Siege under Collective punishments in
Palestine so whether it's what whatever
the intentions are that's not what I'm
concerned with here what I'm concerned
with is there
is a main story story I we call it the
story a main tragedy unraveling in our
eyes and while different partners and
different uh and different players and
different actors are sort of trying to
maneuver around it in the end of the day
let's all not lose sight of what is
important what is a priority and that is
Gaza Under Siege Gaza under bombing Gaza
being starved Gaza being ethnically
cleansed the Israelis love more nothing
more than for us to keep discussing
videos and diapers and international law
and shipping laws when in fact what they
are doing is flattening Gaza and killing
its people aler senior political analyst
Maran bash thank you